Add more documentation (#32)
QwantResearch/addresses-importer: tools/README.md

# Tools

This crate is used as a dependency to prevent code duplication and enforce data formatting. It can only be used as a library, it doesn't generate a binary. The main things it provides are:

 * `CompatibleDB` trait, used for importers to be sure they all generate data in the same format.
 * `Address` struct, used to store the addresses through the `CompatibleDB` trait.
 * `tprint` and `teprint` macros: they do the same as `println` and `eprintln` but prepend the message with the current hour. Very useful for logging.
 * `DB` struct, which is the default type used for importers. It implements the `CompatibleDB` trait.

> By default, all addresses are stored in sqlite databases looking like this:

Reviewer: I think this is specifically a behavior introduced by `DB`?

```suggestion
The `DB` struct can be used as a default option to store addresses, when using it all addresses are stored in sqlite databases looking like this:
```
